Add React Native doctor blog post (#1420)
facebook/react-native-website: website/blog/2019-10-28-react-native-doctor.md

---
title: Announcing React Native Doctor
author: Lucas Bento
authorTitle: React Native Community
authorURL: https://twitter.com/lbentosilva
authorImageURL: https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/6207220?s=460&v=4
authorTwitter: lbentosilva
category: announcements
---

> After a ton of work, the React Native Community is excited to launch `react-native doctor`, a new brand-new CLI command to help you out on getting started with React Native and automatically fixing errors with your installation.

Reviewer: What do you think about specifying the work that went into this as:

> After [X] pull requests from [Y] contributors, the React Native Community is excited to announce...

> Check it out in action:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here it is in action:
```

[VIDEO WITH DOCTOR]

## How it works

> The command currently supports most of the softwares and libraries that React Native relies on, such as CocoaPods, Xcode and Android SDK, the way it works is that it will list the issues that your current installation has and, if you choose to, it will try to automatically fix them, if a specific run wasn't able to fix then it will print out a message and a helpful link for you to fix it manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `doctor` command currently supports most of the software and libraries that React Native relies on, such as CocoaPods, Xcode and Android SDK. With `doctor` we'll find issues with your development environment and give you the option to automatically fix them. If `doctor` is not able to fix an issue, it will display a message and a helpful link explaining how to fix it manually.
```

## Try it now

> Give it a try, simply run `npx @react-native-community/cli doctor` to spin it up!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To give it a try, run a healthcheck with `npx @react-native-community/cli doctor`!
```

## Thanks

> Huge thanks for the React Native Community for working on this, in special [@thymikee](https://github.com/thymikee), [@thib92](https://github.com/thib92), [@jmeistrich](https://github.com/jmeistrich) and [@tido64](https://github.com/tido64).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Huge thanks for the React Native Community for working on this, in particular [@thymikee](https://github.com/thymikee), [@thib92](https://github.com/thib92), [@jmeistrich](https://github.com/jmeistrich) and [@tido64](https://github.com/tido64).
```

---

> title: Announcing React Native Doctor

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Meet Doctor, a new React Native command
```

author: Lucas Bento
authorTitle: React Native Community
authorURL: https://twitter.com/lbentosilva
authorImageURL: https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/6207220?s=460&v=4
authorTwitter: lbentosilva
category: announcements
---

> After 166 commits from 6 contributors, the React Native Community is excited to launch `react-native doctor`, a brand-new CLI command to help you out on getting started with React Native and automatically fix errors with your installation, heavily inspired by [Expo](https://expo.io/) an d [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/)'s own doctor command as well as [Jest](https://jestjs.io/)'s fluid interface.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After 160+ commits from 6 contributors, the React Native Community is excited to launch `doctor`. It's a brand-new React Native CLI command to help you out with getting started, troubleshooting and automatically fixing errors with your development environment. `doctor` is heavily inspired by [Expo](https://expo.io/) and [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/)'s own doctor command with a pinch of UI inspired by [Jest](https://jestjs.io/).
```

Here it is in action:

<p style="text-align: center;">
  <video width="700" controls="controls" autoplay style="border-radius: 5px;">
    <source type="video/mp4" src="/react-native/img/homepage/DoctorCommand.mp4"></source>
  </video>
</p>

## How it works

> The `doctor` command currently supports most of the software and libraries that React Native relies on, such as CocoaPods, Xcode and Android SDK. With `doctor` we'll find issues with your development environment and give you the option to automatically fix them. If `doctor` is not able to fix an issue, it will display a message and a helpful link explaining how to fix it manually.

Reviewer 2: How about showing a screenshot of such a helpful message? :)

## Try it now

> To give it a try, run a healthcheck with `npx @react-native-community/cli doctor`!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `doctor` command is available as a part of React Native 0.62. However, you can try it without upgrading yet: 
```sh
npx @react-native-community/cli@3 doctor
```
```

---
title: Meet Doctor, a new React Native command
author: Lucas Bento
authorTitle: React Native Community
authorURL: https://twitter.com/lbentosilva
authorImageURL: https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/6207220?s=460&v=4
authorTwitter: lbentosilva
category: announcements
---

> After 160+ commits from 6 contributors, the React Native Community is excited to launch `doctor`. It's a brand-new React Native CLI command to help you out with getting started, troubleshooting and automatically fixing errors with your development environment. `doctor` is heavily inspired by [Expo](https://expo.io/) and [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/)'s own doctor command with a pinch of UI inspired by [Jest](https://jestjs.io/).

Author: To be fair, that number comes from squashed commits, wouldn't that number be correct if counted on top of all the PRs?

> After 160+ commits from 6 contributors, the React Native Community is excited to launch `doctor`. It's a brand-new React Native CLI command to help you out with getting started, troubleshooting and automatically fixing errors with your development environment. `doctor` is heavily inspired by [Expo](https://expo.io/) and [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/)'s own doctor command with a pinch of UI inspired by [Jest](https://jestjs.io/).

Reviewer 2: Nah, I don't think it makes sense. 160 commits seems like a lot, but really to me only the squashed ones count, because that's the end shape of the PR and hence a commit in master

> After 160+ commits from 6 contributors, the React Native Community is excited to launch `doctor`. It's a brand-new React Native CLI command to help you out with getting started, troubleshooting and automatically fixing errors with your development environment. `doctor` is heavily inspired by [Expo](https://expo.io/) and [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/)'s own doctor command with a pinch of UI inspired by [Jest](https://jestjs.io/).

Author: Makes sense, gonna change to your suggestion later today.

Here it is in action:

<p style="text-align: center;">
  <video width="700" controls="controls" autoplay style="border-radius: 5px;">
    <source type="video/mp4" src="/react-native/img/homepage/DoctorCommand.mp4"></source>
  </video>
</p>

## How it works

The `doctor` command currently supports most of the software and libraries that React Native relies on, such as CocoaPods, Xcode and Android SDK. With `doctor` we'll find issues with your development environment and give you the option to automatically fix them. If `doctor` is not able to fix an issue, it will display a message and a helpful link explaining how to fix it manually as the following:

<p style="text-align: center;">
  <img width="700" src="/react-native/img/DoctorManualInstallationMessage.png" alt="Doctor command with a link to help on Android SDK's installation" title="Doctor command with a link to help on Android SDK's installation" />
</p>

## Try it now

> The `doctor` command is available as a part of React Native 0.62. However, you can try it without upgrading yet:

Reviewer 2: Technically 0.61 has it already, should we update that or maybe we want to get people a bit more excited about next major?

Author: I'm honestly not sure about this.

@rickhanlonii what do you think?

```sh

> npx @react-native-community/cli@3 doctor

Reviewer 2: v3 is now tagged as `latest`
```suggestion
npx @react-native-community/cli doctor
```

Author: 😫 I'm gonna change this and the video.

It should work with no tag, right?

Reviewer 2: It will also work with the tag, don't worry :) I wouldn't change the video

Author: I think I already have a video without the tag so I'll try to find it.
